Add official support for passing a ref to Modal (#3053)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/big-olives-lie.md

> ---
> "@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": minor
> ---
> 
> Added support for passing a `ref` to the `setModal` function to get the underlying `dialog` element.

Author: ```suggestion
---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": patch
---

Added `ref` to the prop types of the `setModal` function, which makes it possible to get the underlying `dialog` element.
```
